{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh25460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\ri-3887\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Virtual Octave for Mac 
\b0 \
\
This configuration has now been updated to work on Yosemite, Mavericks, El Capitan, and Sierra. \
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97INSTALLATION \
0. 
\b Please drag this whole \'93Oct\'94 Folder into your personal Documents Folder or some other convenient place
\b0 .  \
\
1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vagrantup.com"}}{\fldrslt Please download Vagrant}} and install. \
\
2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.virtualbox.org"}}{\fldrslt Please download VirtualBox}} and install. \
\
3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://xquartz.macosforge.org/landing/"}}{\fldrslt Please download XQuartz}} and install. Note, installation may take a couple of minute to finish, appear hung, but it should terminate eventually. \
\
4. 
\b Please restart your computer.
\b0  \
\
5. Please drag the applet \'93
\b octave-gui-signed\'94 
\b0 onto the Desktop. Drop it. Then pick it up and drag it back into the Oct folder. This is necessary to disable a security protection in Mac OS Sierra, but it does no harm on another OS version.\
\
6. 
\b Please double-click the octave-gui-signed applet in this Oct folder
\b0  to initialize the virtualized Linux and the Octave GUI. \
\
Congratulations, you have finished the installation. \
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
7. 
\b You can now launch Octave any time by double-clicking again on the applet icon. Quitting is by either File>Quit in Octave, or by X11>Quit.  after quitting, the VM will suspend automatically. 
\b0 \

\b \

\b0 8.
\b  Please, just take 10 seconds right now and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=UJ5WQ9XE6MQD8"}}{\fldrslt signify your thanks by tipping me}}  $10 \'85  
\b0 If the service is nice, you would always tip your waiter or Barista, right? \

\b \
Tech notes
\b0 . When you quit the GUI, or X11, the virtualiser will automatically suspend. Files in the Oct folder should be automatically copied into the virtualisation environment;  files on the Octave side should be copied back into this Oct folder, and if you can see them in Oct they will persist even if you choose to wipe the Linux virtual machine. \
\
To log into the VM manually for maintenance\'97which is something you shouldn\'92t need to do\'97 you should open Terminal.app, cd to the Oct folder, and type \'93vagrant up; vagrant ssh\'94.  \
\
Here is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cyberciti.biz/cloud-computing/use-vagrant-to-create-small-virtual-lab-on-linux-osx/"}}{\fldrslt a link that explains a bit more about Vagrant}}. \
\
If you encounter a bug, need some more information, you can reach me as \
\

\b edmundronald at gmail dot com\
\
Edmund
\b0 \
\
\
\
\
 }